[Music]
in a makeshift classroom in canun
Palestinian children practice their
reading the hum of Israeli drones
overhead doesn't dampen their enthusiasm
hello hi those drones alongside the rest
of Israel's Arsenal have destroyed
schools across Gaza forcing these
children to learn in a
tent I learn in this tent as an
alternative to Royal kindergarten that
was bombarded I don't like learning in a
tent I want to be in a proper
kindergarten the old one I used to go to
the Israelis have destroyed that
kindergarten and I wish it would come
back they don't have a permanent school
to go to the kindergarten running these
classes says it's doing what it can to
help them continue their
studies the idea of this initiative is
to highlight education everyone else is
focusing primarily on entertainment
we're focusing on kids education which
has been neglected for almost 7 months
to enable them to read and write in the
circumstances we are experiencing
here the UN says close to 400 schools
across gazer are known to have been
damaged and the actual number is likely
higher those that remain are being used
as shelters for displaced
Palestinians the children here at the
roal kindergarten aren't just missing
out on learning many are missing family
and carrying
trauma my name is Muhammad I was
displaced from Gaza to Rafa my father
remained in Gaza and he was killed I
came to this kindergarten to
learn inside this tent Palestinian
children get a rare chance to live as
they did before Israel's invasion of
Gaza but the war still awaits them
outside Freddy AAR Al jazer